building on the success of their genius
bars today Apple stores across the
country unveiled the friend bar where
obsessive Apple users can come to
discuss Mac products at length Onion
News Network tech trends reporter Jeff
Tate has more thanks Andrea
Apple users looking for someone to talk
at about the newest Twitter iPhone app
or Y Safari is an infinitely better
browser than Firefox can now simply make
an appointment at Apple's new friend bar
free to anyone with an Apple Care
warranty the friend bar is staffed by
Apple employees specially trained to
carry on lengthy conversations about
even the most arcane Apple related
topics unlike your girlfriend or your
co-workers we're not gonna get tired of
discussing the wireless networking
capabilities with Snow Leopard operating
system we're here and we're ready to
listen the friend bar is already a
success with some Apple fans scheduling
appointments up to four hours in length
drives me so nuts that Firefox is
signaling the plugin for meit o rc3 ya
genius bars across the country are
reporting shorter wait times as
customers who just want to impress Apple
employees with their ironic desktop
image or their impeccably organized
iTunes library are redirected to the
friend bar and the discussions don't
have to be limited to Apple products
friend bar employees are trained to
discuss a range of topics Apple
customers are interested in from finding
a good Neapolitan pizza to talking to
girls you aren't already in an improv
troupe with I think what our customers
appreciate is the fact they've got a
multinational concern electronic
corporation that they can relate to the
friend bar is not the only good news for
Apple fans the 24-hour friend line
connects users to call centers overseas
where they can talk about Apple even
after store hours that's just used a
garage ban and I like to use iMovie if
I'm just making a slideshow rolling
things yes like a Final Cut Express for
anything that's more elaborate look like
yesterday I uploaded some footage of
these kids skating that is Eddie into
the company also announced that next
year it will roll out the eye store a
miniature version of an Apple store
which customers can set up in their own
homes it's gonna be about six thousand
dollars or the hardware then there's a
monthly salary for your personal Apple
employee then of course anything you buy
from the store for tech trends I'm Jeff
Tate thank you Jeff
moving on in a diplomatic show of
goodwill China will be sending two
Tibetan monks to the National Zoo in
Washington
a lot of networks report the news as it
happens but only one has the power to
report the news before it happens
through our state-of-the-art wormhole
satellite The Onion News Network future
Channel brings you exclusive news
transmissions from the Year 21:37
because to stay ahead in today's world
you need to know what's going to happen
in tomorrow's